[Music]
all right check this out
stephen hawking's seven predictions of
earth's demise in the next 200 years
oh boy most famous scientists since
albert einstein
stephen hawking will forever be known
for his groundbreaking contributions to
physics and cosmetology
oops i mean cosmology my bad
having been diagnosed with motor neuron
disease at the young
age of 21 instead of accepting what
doctors said was a two-year death
sentence
hawking beat the odds and ended up
devoting the rest of his entire natural
life to the pursuit of knowledge and
explaining the unknown
while his discoveries were profound and
inspiring
his views on the future of the earth and
its inhabitants
were extremely pessimistic so here are
some of hawking's most terrifying
predictions
on how and when our world will meet its
demise
counting down from number seven
genetically modified vaccines will
backfire on us
the certified genius said that one of
the greatest threats to mankind
wasn't coming from space but rather from
what people were creating here on earth
since scientists started toying with
genetically engineered viruses to treat
human illnesses
they've also discovered other possible
uses for them
for example researchers trying to create
a virus that could kill cancer cells
ended up making one that could combat
alcoholism
it did this by introducing certain
information into the neurons that
control
an alcoholics urge to drink nowadays
pharmacists are even combining several
deadly viruses into a single shot
and doing some weird stuff with dna
mixing
just take the rotitek vaccine as an
example
it was designed to protect kids from
rotaviruses
and a lot of babies get three doses
before they're even six months old
but what they don't tell you is that
this medicine is made by crossing human
and cow dna
once more babies are twice as likely to
have seizures during the first two weeks
after they've been vaccinated while
pharmacists intentions might be good
the problem is that we still don't fully
understand the long-term damage these
vaccine concoctions might have
but every time somebody tries to warn
people about the dangers of certain
vaccines
mainstream opinion wins
number six aliens will invade our planet
hawking was a firm believer in
extraterrestrial life
and he was convinced that they will
eventually invade our planet
and no unfortunately they probably won't
come in peace
but first we gotta go back to the
beginning literally
you probably heard of the big bang
theory
no not the tv show the explosion that
gave birth to our universe some 13
billion years ago
well hawking came up with what he called
the multiverse theory
according to it the universe as we know
it is just
one among tens of others that were
created with their own big bags
so basically parallel universes although
there's still no evidence proving that
we aren't the only form of intelligent
life there is
with so many planets galaxies and
universes
chances are that cosmic beings will find
our floating rock in space
and decide to make a pit stop the most
likely want to either destroy us
or study us like lab rats or they'll
give us a book titled to serve
man remember that one from the twilight
zone
[Music]
number five the universe will come to an
end
[Music]
in his final work a smooth exit from
eternal
inflation completed just two weeks
before he died
hawking predicted that our universe will
eventually fade into darkness
as all the stars run out of energy and
he warned that we desperately need to
get to
other universes asap if we want to
survive
[Music]
number four robots will replace humans
although hawking's life basically
depended on artificial intelligence
he didn't trust it at all he once said
that it might be just the worst
invention in the history of our
civilization
because it'll probably replace humans
altogether
although the ai we have today is
extremely useful
hawking warned that further development
of these technologies
could be a fatal mistake if we aren't
mindful of the risks it could bring
he predicted that once humans develop
artificial intelligence
it'll take off on its own and redesign
itself at an ever
increasing rate this new form of life
could eventually outsmart and outperform
humans or worse
decide to get rid of us hawking was sure
that there was no significant difference
between what a human brain is capable of
and what could be achieved by
a.i easy for a genius to say
despite this serious warning more and
more investments continue to be poured
into the further development of these
technologies
number three nuclear weapons will
destroy humanity
hawking believed that aggression and
irrational behavior
are our worst traits as humans and if we
don't change
we'll outright destroy ourselves yet
there's still no sign of conflict
lessening nowadays
so the development of militarized
technology and weapons of mass
destruction
could lead us to disastrous consequences
which would mean
the end of our world
number two we'll need to find another
planet to live on
[Music]
according to hawking we have to find
another planet to live on within the
next
100 years otherwise we'll die out as a
species
because earth has already reached the
point of no return
to save ourselves from problems like
overpopulation
and the scarcity of resources that comes
with it pandemics and pollution
we have to discover new worlds and
become a multi-planetary species
so what are our options for inhabitable
earth doppelgangers
although the moon has no atmosphere it's
the closest celestial object to our
planet
that has immense deposits of natural
resources
besides that there are ancient lava
tubes on its surface
that could be the perfect location for
building the first human colonies
however the moon has extreme seismic
activity
and its rare moon quakes can measure up
to 5.5 on the richter scale
such strong quakes can be potent enough
to destroy buildings and other
constructions
mars with its toxic soil bone crushing
cold
and unbreathable atmosphere obviously
isn't our
ideal next home but a competent approach
to constructing well-protected space
bases
could put humanity up for the initial
stage of colonizing the red planet
ceres is a dwarf planet located in the
asteroid belt between mars and jupiter
astronomers believe it could be composed
of 25
water which is good news for us water
loving humans on our current planet
made up of 71 percent of the stuff this
dwarf planet has even been considered a
potential location for water harvesting
for long distance missions in space
however because it lacks an atmosphere
we wouldn't be able to experience
weather changes or see any colors in the
sky if we live there
bummer jupiter's fourth biggest moon
europa is covered with an icy crust that
could hold entire oceans of water
on the other hand it's constantly being
showered with deadly radiation that
humans wouldn't be able to survive
plus temperatures are unbearably cold
there
[Music]
saturn's largest moon titan could also
be a potential colony for human beings
one of the advantages of living there is
that it has an atmosphere that protects
the surface from radiation and
meteorites
on the downside this atmosphere consists
of 95
nitrogen 5 methane and zero of the stuff
we breathe
oxygen kind of like a big planetary fart
but you wouldn't need a spacesuit or
anything to walk outside
a little protection from the cold and a
breathing mask would suffice
earth's cousin kepler-452b
orbits a sun-like star 1400 light years
away from us
and it looks exactly like our planet it
could even have liquid water on its
surface
we just can't tell because the planet is
covered with thick misty clouds
almost all the time like san francisco
oh and we definitely have problems with
volcanic activity there
and number one the earth will combust
into a ball of fire
the great physicist also predicted that
our planet will
burst into flames in less than 600 years
by that time the earth will be so
overpopulated
that our energy consumption will make
the planet burn red
and the human race will perish and it
gets better
hawking added that global warming will
make the conditions on earth
similar to those on venus the average
temperature will be about 480 degrees
fahrenheit
sulfuric acid will rain from the sky and
winds will reach speeds of up to 330
feet per second ciao
stephen hawking warned us that climate
change is one of the great dangers we
face
and it's the one we can prevent if we
act now
i'd say that's something we definitely
don't want to put off any longer
[Music]
so which prediction do you think will
happen
which one is the scariest in your
opinion
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to share this video with everyone
you know
the entire planet needs to be aware of
this if you've enjoyed
albeit frightfully what you've seen in
this video give it a like
and if you want to keep up with all our
new videos coming out on the daily
subscribe to our channel and stay with
us on the bright side of life
you